Important: Please read  this information below carefully. You must agree to these License Terms before using our sound effects

License: Standard License Agreement

FOR BASIC MEMBERS (GOLD MEMBERS CAN IGNORE THIS STATEMENT)
If you have not upgraded your Zapsplat.com account to a Gold Account, you are required to attribute zapsplat.com in the form of a credit/link back to our website if you use our sound effects. Please make sure you include our website as follows: https://www.zapsplat.com You can remove this requirement by making a small donation (you choose how much) at https://www.zapsplat.com/donate-and-upgrade


What you can use our free sound effects and music for:
You can use our sound effects and music in any non-commercial, commercial and broadcast production, including:

Films, television and radio programmes
Commercials
Podcasts
Games and apps
Within software
YouTube videos
Blogs and websites
School projects
Presentations, conferences, exhibitions etc
Theatrical performances and live shows
Within physical products such as toys

Sound effects and music must be embedded into your production and not used as standalone sounds in isolation (in a sound effect app for example).

What you can’t use our free sound effects and music for:
You may not use our sound effects and music for the following purposes under any circumstances:

Our sound effects must not be shared with any person.
Our sound effects must not be distributed in any form including on other websites, on social networks, file sharing platforms, CD, DVD or any other ROM.
Our sound effects can not be loaned, rented, sub-licensed or sold to any third party.

We (or our contributors) retain the copyright to the sound effects and music at all times. Sound effects and music are licensed to you on a non-exclusive basis and subject to the terms detailed above.

Indemnification
The Licensee agrees to indemnify ZapSplat.com from any claims, law-suits, damages and any liabilities including reasonable expenses and legal fees incurred relating to any matter that may arise if this licence agreement is breached.

Disclaimer of Warranties
Zapsplat.com provides the sound effects and music files on this website on an as-is basis and provides no warranties or conditions of any kind. While we have taken absolute care and precautions to ensure the sound effects we provide are error free, we will not be liable for any loss or damage to your systems as a result of downloading and using our sound effects.

Limitation of Liability
The Licensee agrees that Zapsplat.com holds no liability with regards to any claims made in relation to this agreement.

For any questions regarding your intended use of our sound effects, please contact us
Thank you and enjoy our free sound effects and music.

